>> Maximiliano Firtman: So the
registration form is already on the screen
and ready to use.
So let's create also the login one,
so we have both, and
then we connect the client to the server,
that's the last part to make that work.
So going back to HTML, icon, again,
don't do this at home, but yeah,
I'm the teacher, so I have the rights to
do that, I will copy and paste, okay?
From the template to register and
I will create the other template login and
make some changes from there.
So we have this is the login form,
when we log in we won't have a name,
we won't have two passwords, only one.
The button should say Login,
and then the link if you don't
have an account register, okay?
So we send the user back
to the registration.
And also change the IDs, so
it's not register email,
let's call it login email,
or authentication email.
The same here, the same here, and also
we call app login and not app register.
That's just the template,
remember, that's HTML and
I'm sure that you're thinking like
early someone asked about this,
but everything is in the HTML.
Maybe we can separate HTML in
separate files, we can do that.
And then to do that on the web component,
you just need to fetch the HTML for
the template instead of
getting it from the DOM.
So I think that so
far we are good, I mean,
in terms of the size of
the HTML is not really huge.
>> Speaker 2: The auto complete
attribute needs to be-
>> Maximiliano Firtman: That's correct,
yeah, we have to change the auto complete
attribute, which one, specifically,
the password.
In fact, sometimes I'm not
sure if you have seen this,
we need to use now current password.
You go to your website and
then the password manager is suggesting to
you a new password on the login screen,
and you say, why?
No, this is a login screen, well, that's
because the developer didn't change that,
you probably copy and pasted, okay?
So anyway,
now I need also the component and
also add the component to a route.
So I will, let's copy and paste the
registry page and create the login page.
And now I'm going to change login
page here, also here at the bottom.
And then it's the template login
the one that I'm going to read, and
I'm going to define this as login page,
in case we wanna use the login
form somewhere in the HTML.
Here is the part where you can
load it from an external HTML,
so you just do something like this,
you fetch this from template
forward large login HTML.
And when you have it, you'll wait for
it because it's a fetch and
you get it as text, not as JSON, and
then you inject it somehow, okay?
That's how that works.
Okay, so
now [COUGH] I need also the route for
this, so I'm going to add one more for
the path, account, login, and
the component that I wanna
render is login page.
So, now if I click in Log in,
I'm getting the login page,
so I can go from register to login,
and it just works.